{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\b Materials for Instructors:\

\f0\b0 \

\f1\b digital_backups
\f0\b0  should not generally be shared with students. It includes file that students must download online in order to run the Jupyter Notebook. These should only be shared with students if the corresponding files cannot be found online.\
\

\f1\b keys_and_rubrics:
\f0\b0  should not be shared with students. It includes the solutions to the Jupyter Notebooks, which can only be run with all the ancillary files in IceCoreModule.zip as well as files from the digital_backups. It also includes the rubric and answers to open-ended questions.\
\

\f1\b Materials for students\

\f0\b0 \
There are two ways to download the materials for students. One is to download everything but the zip files. You will have everything for all 3 notebooks. The other is to download a zip file for each notebook as well as a zip file of extra ancillary data for notebooks 1 and 3.  Below the zip files are described:\
\

\f1\b Rovibrational_spectra_1_Introduction_to_polar_data.zip
\f0\b0 : includes the Jupyter Notebook Rovibrational_spectra_1_Introduction_to_polar_data.ipynb and ancillary files IRspec_noaa.png and radiative_balance.png.\
\

\f1\b ancillary_files_for_notebooks1and3.zip
\f0\b0 : Contains files for Rovibrational_spectra_1_Introduction_to_polar_data.ipynb and Rovibrational_spectra_3_Blackbody_radiation.ipynb, including: ch4.txt, co2.txt, h2o_self.txt, h2o.txt, nu.tuxt, other.txt, sgp_aeri_20170706.000443.txt, T.txt, IRspec_noaa.png, radiative_balance.png, radtran.py.\
\

\f1\b Rovibrational_spectra_2_Remote_temperature_sensing.zip
\f0\b0 :  includes the Jupyter Notebook Rovibrational_spectra_2_Remote_temperature_sensing.ipynb and ancillary file band_001_100.txt.\
\

\f1\b Rovibrational_spectra_3_Blackbody_radiation.zip
\f0\b0 : Includes the Jupyter Notebook Rovibrational_spectra_3_Blackbody_radiation.ipynb and ancillary file smtaerich1X1.b1.20101228.000313.cdf.}